Add ambassador program subpage (#529)
deepset-ai/haystack-home: content/ambassadors/_index.md

---
layout: ambassadors
title: "Haystack Ambassador Program"
description: "Haystack Ambassadors are community members we recognize for the things they build, teach, and share - not for promoting us."
header: dark
footer: dark

hero:
  headline: "Join the Haystack Ambassador Program"
  text: "The Ambassador Program supports developers already building, teaching, and contributing to the Haystack ecosystem – helping them go further with direct access, visibility, and backing from our team."
  button:
    text: "Apply Now"
    url: "#ambassador-modal"
  secondaryButton:
    text: "See How It Works"
    url: "#process"
  note: "Free to join · No exclusivity required"

requirements:
  title: "Is This You?"
  items:
    - "You've been active in the Haystack community for at least 6 months"
    - "You've shared your work publicly - blog posts, talks, tutorials, Discord discussions, or real-world projects"
    - "You contribute regularly - not occasionally or one-off"

>     - "You're building or thinking about real-world RAG and agentic systems - not just demos - and are interested in how AI moves into production"

Reviewer: To make this part more future-proof
```suggestion
    - "You're building or thinking about real-world AI systems - not just demos - and are interested in how AI moves into production"
```

    - "You care about open-source AI, are passionate about Haystack, and enjoy helping others"
  note: "We welcome people with different strengths - builders, public speakers, writers, educators, and community helpers. What matters most is that you're actively contributing to the Haystack ecosystem and want to help others build real-world AI systems. We also aim to represent communities across different regions and backgrounds."
  button:
    text: "Apply Now"
    url: "#ambassador-modal"

status:
  title: "Ambassador Status"
  items:
    - status: active
      label: "Active"
      description: "Shared at least one contribution last quarter."
    - status: at-risk
      label: "Inactive"
      description: "Quiet last quarter - we'll reach out to check in."
    - status: alumni
      label: "Alumni"
      description: "Taking a break. All past contributions remain credited and listed here. Re-applying is always welcome."

perks:
  title: "What You Get"

>   note: "This isn't an exhaustive list - it's just a starting point. If you have an idea for how we can support your work, bring it up. We'd rather find something that actually helps than stick to a fixed menu."

Reviewer: I think this is over-explanation. Can we change it into something like this?
```suggestion
  note: "This list is just a starting point. We're happy to adjust the scope of the program to support your work."
```
